New instructions:


Since you're dealing with symbolic links and need elevated permissions, I've gone as far as the windows will let me to make creating symlinks as quickly as possible.

You can create a shortcut to your batch script and configure the shortcut to run as an administrator.

Here are the steps:

Right-click on your batch script (Start.bat) and choose "Create shortcut."

Right-click on the created shortcut, and choose "Properties."

In the "Shortcut" tab, look for the button labelled "Advanced...

Check the option "Run as administrator" and click "OK."

Click "OK" again to close the Properties window.



I've already done all this and created the shortcut but I have no idea if it'll work on other systems, you might just have to create a shortcut to the batch file yourself. For those unaware, a batch file is just a way for windows to execute a set of instruction, like creating a virtual environment to run a program, then start that program, etc. 
In this case it just executes 
python -main.py
As there aren't any dependancies


Notes:
I've made the program as simple as possible, two or so lines, so that people won't be sketched out by needing admin permissions. SymLinks require these permissions, probably so thick programs don't hide massless software outside of your initial file location. 

You can read through the script yourself, I purposefully kept it as simple as possible so that even a non-programmer could probably check it out with confidence, I'm sure ChatGPT can read it, the fellow is pretty fluent in 1's an 0's.


















Alterernative, more primitive instruction:

open 'start menu'
find your shell terminal, there's two, make sure it's the right one 
open with admin rights (right click, click 'open with admin rights')

hit ctrl+shift+c on the Symlinker project directory

back in the terminal, 
enter:

cd (ctrl+shift+v) 

it will look something a bit like like this:
cd C:\Users\your_name\Programs\Symlinker

press enter, you will now be inside the project via the terminal. type:

python admin.py

Choose your files to be linked to. The window will close, press then a new one will pop up, now you're choosing where the files will be linked to

